that's crazy i' have to kick the kid off
do it I guess you're right where there's
a will there's a way the shop guy he
looked at me funny when I said I would
steal it yeah because it would be really
funny if you were attacked by a band as
they attack other people that'd be so
funny and if they're attacking people we
don't like we can join I said I think
one third off would be
good hi hi no a wait don't tell me You'
forgotten your own name no I haven't
forgotten my own name hi hi that's so
embarrassing it's not embarrassing it's
not it's not don't you remember me it's
me to of course I remember you Toma
you're the most forgetful person oh my
gosh no that's not correct no no I mean
you clearly remembered me so I'm not
very forgettable if you say that's not
right yeah I'm pretty sure I'm right but
do you know what we're here for today do
you know what we're doing can't we just
Frolic in The Gardens of imagination no
we're going to the zoo today we're at
the San Diego Zoo
all right are you excited I totally knew
that if you had to be one animal what
animal would you be I think I'd be a cat
why a cat being pampered all day sounds
like my thing I bet you be aat you
actually resemble one that's kind of
embarrass I I don't look like a rat I
think I look pretty good today actually
but in the supposed case that you look
better than usual you still resemble a
rat you do actually look good today Toma
I'm just jealous what what you look so
good today I really like your hat I'm
pretty sure that's a WABE and yeah
they're nocturnal oh it looks pretty
scary it's just inside the oh the
marsupio oh it's how they have little
pouches like kangaroos that's so cool
maybe you should come back when they're
awake they might be a lot friendlier
then do you think we could come at night
I mean we'd have to bring night vision
goggles oh that is true or I mean I have
pretty good Vision at night like I can
see colors they might accept you as one
of their own do you think so I could
blend in with the Wombats and Wales
maybe you could even join them
M that's pretty fair no look it's a gift
shop do you think they sell night vision
goggles we can look for one do you want
to go in yes we should definitely go in
all right let's go yeah let's get
matching hats it'll be
so a bucket hat for sure it's the
superior hat that makes a lot of sense
do you want the blue one or just the
normal khaki one I want the blue one
let's get a hat for you oh my gosh do
you want to get one for vle too that
seems like a style yeah it definitely
does so we'll get three of these I think
1/3 off would be good that makes sense
yeah a gir I think one/ third off would
be good I'll try to see if we can get a
third off do you want a giraffe cup yes
please ooh which one would you want I
think this one's pretty cute and then
there's also this one but a fun fact I I
think I'd like the orange one the most
it suits the zoo Vibe well that makes
sense okay let's get this one I don't
think we should to be honest oh you
don't want
it oh I do want
it okay we we'll get it we'll get it all
right let's move on let's get out of
here let's get out of here Tom I don't
want you spending money on me my creator
doesn't pay me enough oh no no no your
Creator's paying for all of this he is
yeah he is so we can buy as much as we
want he told me before we started yeah
he told me that I could spend as much
money as I wanted today oh my God we
need to go back to the Hat you want to
get more hats it would be objectively
funnier if we bought every hat it would
be funnier if we bought every hat do you
want one of each yeah let's buy them all
think about how funny it will be okay um
yeah you can cut the tags off yeah okay
let's let's buy more I'll be back um you
want one of every hat yeah and you need
one of every hat to imagine how
embarrassing it'll be for vetle when he
finds out he's just paid for a
mountainous
hat I guess you're right yeah let's just
get them let's just get all of
them I think that's 10 now wow that's 10
that's 10 hats it definitely is oh my
goodness um so sorry can you I yeah sure
thank you
they have frozen margaritas do you drink
Naro I don't drink alcohol it would
probably fry my circuit but I'd love to
see you drink some can I have a sick
you'd like to see me drink some
um I think it's a little early in the
day to be drinking actually you know
maybe we can drink more
later I'd happily drink now you you want
to drink now um yeah why not like an
alcoholic drink or like a normal one
there's no harm in a little drink in the
morning I guess you're right you're
right oh I don't have my ID never mind
just kidding N I can't drink I don't
have my ID with me I can't commit a
crime don't say that um don't don't
don't say that I'm a lawful citizen I
would never get a fake
ID monkey monkey monkey nerve monkey
spotted monkey with red butt look look
look do you see
it oh look at them there's so many
monkey monkey with red butt oh oh he's
got a thinging oh
it's you're jealous aren't you yeah
you're jealous I'm not jealous of it no
that's not that's not happening I'm very
secure with myself yeah yeah you keep
telling yourself that wow they're really
swinging around good goodness it's okay
I'm your friend you can let me know I'm
not jealous of the monkeys okay if
you're not jealous then you defin
definitely need therapy I probably do
need therapy uh what do you think these
monkeys eat uh they probably eat bananas
and coconuts I imagine any food
stereotypically thrown at them oh do you
think they eat people maybe if the
Zookeeper is a bit lazy and doesn't
throw them enough food
M that is possible Southern ground horn
B that's so cool wow oh wow I love horn
bills horn bills are pretty sexy they
are would you like to date a horn Bill m
H I feel like if I were to date an
animal it would probably have to
be I don't know I think like a hippo
would be pretty cool to date I think I
would like to date a cat cats are very
cute okay but like a boy cat or girl cat
maybe a boy cat I've always wanted to
know what it's like to be a girl cat
dating a boy cat wow imagine being able
to date
animals I wish I was pretty sure that's
a crime that's a crime that's a crime
nuro I don't think you're allowed to do
that oh you're probably right am I going
to get arrested it's okay I'll keep you
safe so you won't get arrested animal
viewing baboons Birds coal is giraffes
where I I I'm sure we'll find it if we
just wander around let's see giraffes
where are the giraffes so we can laugh
at how stupid they look giraffes aren't
stupid that's mean you have to be nice
do you see it up there there's like big
cat look it's a Servo I've always liked
cats
do you think I could have a nice date
with a Servo I think a Servo would treat
you very well you guys could have a
candle at dinner together I think you're
just jealous that I'd have a better date
with a Servo than I'd have with you
that's not true I think we'd go on a
very cute date together um I kind of
have to pee nuro why didn't you go at
the start why because I was I was
nervous I was nervous can I go pee is
that okay um yeah I'm not stopping you
you have to ask permission for
everything I just wanted to make sure
you'd be okay I don't want to bring you
with me into the bathroom um maybe I'll
here wait outside okay sure we all hum
the entirety of Never Going To Give You
Up while you do your business hell yeah
I'll be
here oh and then let me take my mic off
too so that you can't hear me peeing I
think it would be better if you left it
on both for my sake and for chat's
sake think of the contest have fun
peeing Never Going To Give You Up never
going to let you down never going to run
around and desert you I actually didn't
even know that Georgie would be here we
had to drag him over he should be
protecting us with his life if required
he definitely is I mean vle paid him
quite quite a big amount of money surely
I hope I get some of this so-called
money too I hope you do do you never get
any money from your dad does he not give
you money Veetle never gives me any
money I think he spends it all on his
secret girlfriend instead who's his
secret girlfriend I've heard rumors that
she goes by the name of evil but this
hasn't been been confirmed that can't be
right that's not correct that's your
sister you never know I don't think
we're in Alabama because he's he's
British so it's not that's not possible
you're ruining the immersion can we
please just pretend evil and I aren't
sisters for the sake of this bit I guess
so but that means that like V would be
dating his daughter that's not correct
because I'm pretty sure you'd regret it
if you did I'm regretting it very much
so do you like llamas look at his teeth
he's so silly so silly goofy I think I
prefer donkeys look at that one cutest
teeth I've ever seen I'd love to see a
donkey spit on you that' be so much fun
oh my God the way he's biting and
chewing is so funny too he's
like this is so much fun yeah I'm having
a great time too better than last time I
was at a zoo at least last time I had to
deal with bad Zoo Wi-Fi and the Tigers
just didn't show
up I'm
ready you're my taste replacer
that photo looks
awful
just I want to see some
animals yeah oh my god look it looks
like a little what is that I think it's
a
camel they all look a little similar to
you what part of me looks like a c do I
really need to explain yes explain
yourself right now it doesn't matter
what part of you looks like a camel the
fact is that you do look like one is it
do do you think camels are cute at least
that would make it okay if it makes you
feel better then yes I think camels are
cute very well okay well if you're being
honest though do you like them yes
although i' never met a cuter camel than
my friend just now a thank you there's a
lot of people crowding around here I
wonder
why let's barge straight through have no
fear do you see
it not yet are they in the way right
there right there the elephant oh wow
there's so big Isn't that cool and he's
like eating the branches I wish we could
feed him I want to be friends we could
too yeah that's so cool looks fuzer than
I thought' be they would let us pet them
I think so I'm going to scale the wall
now hold me
back take my bag I'm going to jump I'm
going to jump I'm going to jump I'm
going to do
it no never mind the the staff is
looking at me the staff is looking at me
I've got to go I've got to go got to
move out aboard Mission we'll be back
another
[Music]
day are you okay snake snake you're so
funny you know it just so happens we're
at another gift shop maybe we should
look inside do you want to I do want to
I need to add to my collection of zoo
hats okay yeah we can definitely do that
look there's um there's some hats here
and there's some hats here they're
pretty similar to the ones we got
earlier though I think those ones are
completely different we have to get them
I'm pretty sure they're the same look
there's plushies would you want plushies
of course I want plushies do you think
they have tigers cuz I still kind of
feel bad about not seeing them
earlier oh hello other humans do you
know where the tigers are oh they do
have tigers there's one right here and
there's also uh a tiny tiger do you want
a tiny one or a big one tiny small means
cuter it is pretty cute okay we'll get a
tiny one because I need to say my money
for hats that's true that is true do you
want another one they buy buy two for 35
that's such a great idea you're actually
which one would you want there's a
leopard or like one of these funny
mirror cat ones and then elephants I
want a mirror cat they're adorable cat
Tom me you really know how to shop I
think I've seen enough all right let's
go buy these then okay let's leave the
store now my wallet is crying I haven't
bought it yet yeah just steal it I'm not
going to steal it I'm going to buy it
would feel so good you're it would not
feel good I'm not planning on stealing
hello this Easter yeah stealing is an
exhilarating and liberating experience
that is unparalleled no I'm not stealing
it okay you're lost re seat the shop guy
he looked at me funny when I said I
would steal it I can't get in trouble
then we wouldn't be able to see any
other animals it's two against one after
all yeah I guess you're right I should
have done it I'll do it next time I'll
grab it I'm proud of you as long as
you've learned something there's an
animal here I think it's um what is that
a Cy Bara I love capy baras so
cute he's got a fat butt I wish I had a
fat but like that me too I think that's
like my fitness goal at the gym oh it's
not a caby bar wait no is it no it is
caby bar wow do you see it through the
corner like in between the leaves oh wow
it's a Capp Bara wow to be a CPP bar
with f oh my God
dream come true just look at how fat
their butts are they are there's one
right down there look at
him they're adorable we have to see
dolphins they are so smart I heard I
heard dolphins are really mean though
I've heard they're pretty nice to humans
at
least really I've heard the complete
opposite I thought they were like really
really mean to people well maybe they're
mean to people they don't like they
might like us oh you're right they might
it would be so fun to laugh at everyone
that Dolphins don't like that's true we
can point and laugh at them as they
attack other people that' be so funny
and if they're attacking people we don't
like we can join you yes you get it you
totally get it someone tells you there's
a problem with my
AI That's super cool look at look at her
little tail it's a girl Lon I think I'd
be an able to steal everyone's hats in
here ooh that'd be pretty evil do you
see it do you see it the big one right
there in the middle it's kind of hard to
see him cuz he Blends in but he's on top
of the platform super Co then we can
start fun look there's like a little
like sabertooth tiger sculpture do you
think I can sit on that one you think
that's possible I'd have to kick the
child off
though i' have to kick the kid off do it
I guess you're right where there's a
will there's a way we've just got to do
it now stealth is your best
weapon we mustn't let them you coming
you're right you're right you're right
I'm going to suplex this kid I'm so
excited never had doubts for a second
the dad looked at me don't worry if the
dad's a problem I have a plan onead
sulex yeah we're going to suplex
everyone it's a pig it sounds like Peppa
Pig we should definitely shackle
her yeah it's Peppa Pig look there's so
many of them wow we should gather them
all imagine imine having an army of
Peppa Pigs that'd be really good I'm pea
Pig can you make a pig sound and no
zookeepers could stop us oink oink what
about you oink oink oink oink do you
like my impression your impression was
terrible I think we should just stick
with me as the leader that's okay I I'll
just cry myself to sleep tonight wait no
I'm sorry you be a p too we can both be
PS and leave the Army side by side yes
oh my gosh and the fence is pretty like
flimsy so I think I could grab one of
the sticks and just drag it out and they
could all come out I think we can set
them free are you sure this isn't
illegal don't worry about what's illegal
or not illegal okay that's not important
what matter sure if I want to do this if
it's illegal well then as long as we're
not getting caught I guess it's fine
look I think we're at the the polar bear
Zone would you die for me if I told you
to jump in there I don't I don't think
they would kill me I think they would be
pretty nice to me actually polar bears
are pretty dangerous I'd be impressed
no they're the polar
opposite why are they aggressive I mean
surely you've seen polar bears in action
surely you've heard of the notorious
polar bear widely known for variable
assault CS would you date what was that
polar bear's name I don't think i' I I
don't think I'd date one if that's the
case that sounds pretty violent surely
he won't add to that assault count to be
honest if he did I'd just laugh you
would point and laugh if I were attacked
by a bear yeah because it would be
really funny if you were attacked by a
band that's
crazy oh yes I love ice cream I was just
talking about it let's go look let's
look at the menu and see if they have
anything you want yipp yipp okay let me
open it up for you okay and then you can
do a little taste test gimme gimme yay
okay chocolate covered ice cream pretty
solid m
it's got vanilla and peanut butter and
chocolate bits
inside no do you remember what those
are I don't I have a terrible memory
look do you know what animal these are
oh I know what animal what animal is
this that is definitely a pig pigs are
so adorable they're pigs actually it
looks like a pigeon no it's a pig oh my
God and there's more over there there's
like a black pig and a pink pig wow that
would make sense with how they look do
you think You' be a proud father to
those pigs I don't know if I'd be a very
good father I think about it sometimes
if I'd be like a good par
myself how would you feel being a
stepdad what you think you fit in one of
those strollers I'm getting tired of all
this walking let's just find a p me
sorry guys I'm going to keep talking
under the assumption that you guys can
hear me just keep talking assum you guys
can hear me but to be honest most of
them look like they're frolicking around
with their children and I wouldn't want
to disturb the peace looks like I do
pathetic new message this leaves us with
one option an attempt to beat the
crowd I think if we run we can beat them
the sun is kind of bright maybe I should
get some sunglasses do you think there
would be sunglasses Ines in the panda
shop hi hi hi hi Nero it's me TOA I'm
back want to take the elevators welcome
back welcome back sorry for the delay 1
second um we have we have good internet
for the camera but my phone is like
dying and it has one bar so we're going
to try to go back towards the way we
came from and get better internet there
so I can come back I'm just worried
we'll get lost I'm just worried we'll
get lost again no we won't get lost we
won't get lost we'll get back we'll get
back soon we'll be back why are you
being so ominous why are you being
hold up cuz you're kind of failing oh
wait let me try and decrypt this image
this is an image of a reflection and
from the looks of it it's you Tomo why
are you taking images of yourself